2023-2024 cruise collection | oceania cruises
        
           var oldbrowser = (
             typeof window.promise === 'undefined' || typeof window.promise.prototype.finally !== 'function'
           );

           if ( oldbrowser ) {
             var scriptelement = document.createelement('script');

             scriptelement.async = false;
             scriptelement.src = '/assets/v1/scripts/polyfills.js?v=1710259000963-1.50.10';
             document.head.appendchild(scriptelement);
           }
         
    
(window.boomr_mq=window.boomr_mq||[]).push(["addvar",{"rua.upush":"false","rua.cpush":"false","rua.upre":"false","rua.cpre":"false","rua.uprl":"false","rua.cprl":"false","rua.cprf":"false","rua.trans":"","rua.cook":"false","rua.ims":"false","rua.ufprl":"false","rua.cfprl":"false","rua.isuxp":"false","rua.texp":"norulematch"}]);
!function(){function o(n,i){if(n&&i)for(var r in i)i.hasownproperty(r)&&(void 0===n[r]?n[r]=i[r]:n[r].constructor===object&&i[r].constructor===object?o(n[r],i[r]):n[r]=i[r])}try{var n=decodeuricomponent("%7b%0a%22resourcetiming%22%3a%7b%0a%22comment%22%3a%20%22clear%20rt%20buffer%20on%20mpulse%20beacon%22%2c%0a%22clearonbeacon%22%3a%20true%0a%7d%2c%0a%22autoxhr%22%3a%7b%0a%22comment%22%3a%20%22monitor%20xhrs%20requested%20using%20fetch%22%2c%0a%22monitorfetch%22%3a%20true%2c%0a%22comment%22%3a%20%22start%20monitoring%20spas%20from%20click%22%2c%0a%22spastartfromclick%22%3a%20true%0a%7d%2c%0a%22pageparams%22%3a%7b%0a%22comment%22%3a%20%22monitor%20all%20spa%20xhrs%22%2c%0a%22spaxhr%22%3a%20%22all%22%0a%7d%0a%7d");if(n.length>0&&window.json&&"function"==typeof window.json.parse){var i=json.parse(n);void 0!==window.boomr_config?o(window.boomr_config,i):window.boomr_config=i}}catch(r){window.console&&"function"==typeof window.console.error&&console.error("mpulse: could not parse configuration",r)}}();
                              !function(e){var n="https://s.go-mpulse.net/boomerang/";if("false"=="true")e.boomr_config=e.boomr_config||{},e.boomr_config.pageparams=e.boomr_config.pageparams||{},e.boomr_config.pageparams.pci=!0,n="https://s2.go-mpulse.net/boomerang/";if(window.boomr_api_key="tczkh-a3e5k-r7uee-8aytu-fwv9y",function(){function e(){if(!o){var e=document.createelement("script");e.id="boomr-scr-as",e.src=window.boomr.url,e.async=!0,i.parentnode.appendchild(e),o=!0}}function t(e){o=!0;var n,t,a,r,d=document,o=window;if(window.boomr.snippetmethod=e?"if":"i",t=function(e,n){var t=d.createelement("script");t.id=n||"boomr-if-as",t.src=window.boomr.url,boomr_lstart=(new date).gettime(),e=e||d.body,e.appendchild(t)},!window.addeventlistener&&window.attachevent&&navigator.useragent.match(/msie [67]\./))return window.boomr.snippetmethod="s",void t(i.parentnode,"boomr-async");a=document.createelement("iframe"),a.src="about:blank",a.title="",a.role="presentation",a.loading="eager",r=(a.frameelement||a).style,r.width=0,r.height=0,r.border=0,r.display="none",i.parentnode.appendchild(a);try{o=a.contentwindow,d=o.document.open()}catch(_){n=document.domain,a.src="javascript:var d=document.open();d.domain='"+n+"';void(0);",o=a.contentwindow,d=o.document.open()}if(n)d._boomrl=function(){this.domain=n,t()},d.write("<bo"+"dy onload='document._boomrl();'>");else if(o._boomrl=function(){t()},o.addeventlistener)o.addeventlistener("load",o._boomrl,!1);else if(o.attachevent)o.attachevent("onload",o._boomrl);d.close()}function a(e){window.boomr_onload=e&&e.timestamp||(new date).gettime()}if(!window.boomr||!window.boomr.version&&!window.boomr.snippetexecuted){window.boomr=window.boomr||{},window.boomr.snippetstart=(new date).gettime(),window.boomr.snippetexecuted=!0,window.boomr.snippetversion=12,window.boomr.url=n+"tczkh-a3e5k-r7uee-8aytu-fwv9y";var i=document.currentscript||document.getelementsbytagname("script")[0],o=!1,r=document.createelement("link");if(r.rellist&&"function"==typeof r.rellist.supports&&r.rellist.supports("preload")&&"as"in r)window.boomr.snippetmethod="p",r.href=window.boomr.url,r.rel="preload",r.as="script",r.addeventlistener("load",e),r.addeventlistener("error",function(){t(!0)}),settimeout(function(){if(!o)t(!0)},3e3),boomr_lstart=(new date).gettime(),i.parentnode.appendchild(r);else t(!1);if(window.addeventlistener)window.addeventlistener("load",a,!1);else if(window.attachevent)window.attachevent("onload",a)}}(),"350".length>0)if(e&&"performance"in e&&e.performance&&"function"==typeof e.performance.setresourcetimingbuffersize)e.performance.setresourcetimingbuffersize(350);!function(){if(boomr=e.boomr||{},boomr.plugins=boomr.plugins||{},!boomr.plugins.ak){var n=""=="true"?1:0,t="",a="y2enymaxhu3nyzrjdt3a-f-503f8a638-clientnsv4-s.akamaihd.net",i="false"=="true"?2:1,o={"ak.v":"37","ak.cp":"308850","ak.ai":parseint("190966",10),"ak.ol":"0","ak.cr":14,"ak.ipv":4,"ak.proto":"http/1.1","ak.rid":"18a9271a","ak.r":47629,"ak.a2":n,"ak.m":"x","ak.n":"essl","ak.bpcip":"198.136.220.0","ak.cport":30321,"ak.gh":"23.44.6.170","ak.quicv":"","ak.tlsv":"tls1.2","ak.0rtt":"","ak.csrc":"-","ak.acc":"reno","ak.t":"1713970422","ak.ak":"hobiqwzuyzcg5vsafclimq==+vb95nfn6bnxjkqr6vveuf/wicl9bxy9gl/wisuvyb4dugb88rid//aivrlzsvo95vf4wna4iwdnf5hnvv8ylqwwlktfghwnb0oyep0rmv6oxlywdtcqzqwvidxfl1mjsypb4hl5ssjga/82nqxh4vr3esgpdsvvecgb2l9zx4vvebqroht9gl94fpqp6ujxlwyhsx8ybo7iwr/g4qum914awmj5n00hcavmsvqnqwjj77afz+wfvvqky3nnpn4mj2upteuyw2qkval0yxh/aksuhp7kui01aj8/xd/i2ia3tvea8uor+uzbzpruwmhmsgfwtc2ttxoussjmc+jqany7v5b1s/kt3syv+jnivzqer5xuyyfkucvh4solfwxltssy4a1qvpal2ymh1ygmd2/msfc/wnwecwrfapypwfw=","ak.pv":"272","ak.dpoabenc":"","ak.tf":i};if(""!==t)o["ak.ruds"]=t;var r={i:!1,av:function(n){var t="http.initiator";if(n&&(!n[t]||"spa_hard"===n[t]))o["ak.feo"]=void 0!==e.afeoapplied?1:0,boomr.addvar(o)},rv:function(){var e=["ak.bpcip","ak.cport","ak.cr","ak.csrc","ak.gh","ak.ipv","ak.m","ak.n","ak.ol","ak.proto","ak.quicv","ak.tlsv","ak.0rtt","ak.r","ak.acc","ak.t","ak.tf"];boomr.removevar(e)}};boomr.plugins.ak={akvars:o,akdnsprefetchdomain:a,init:function(){if(!r.i){var e=boomr.subscribe;e("before_beacon",r.av,null,null),e("onbeacon",r.rv,null,null),r.i=!0}return this},is_complete:function(){return!0}}}}()}(window);
            
                <!-- tealium universal data object -->
                window.utag_data = {  _360i_transact_id : "",  _360i_conversion_label : "",  event_plancruise_myaccount_registernow : "",  event_plancruise_myaccount_suitecategory : "", redesign_page: true};
        window.utag_data["site_section"] = "content-brochure";window.utag_data["page_name"] = "content-brochure: 2024 cruise collection";window.utag_data["marketing_region"] = "us";window.utag_data["travel_agent"] = ""; 
            
                window.oci = window.oci || {};
                window.oci.analytics = window.oci.analytics || {};
                window.oci.analytics.url = "//tags.tiqcdn.com/utag/prestige/oci/prod/utag.js";
             
            
            unable to submit formwe're sorry. we could not process your form request at this time. please try again later.closeenable accessibilitydeutschfrancias日本語portugueseespanolconnect with us+1-855-623-2642855-oceania (855-623-2642)special offersrequest a brochurerequest a quotemy account / reservationsign in to my accountsorry, we don’t recognize that email and password combination. please try again or recover your password.email addressplease enter a valid email address.passwordpassword is incorrect. please try again or click forgot password below.keep me signed inloginprivacy policyforgot passwordcreate accountplease enter your email addressyour email address was not recognized. please try again.emailplease enter a valid email address.you should receive an email to reset your password in a few minutes.submitprivacy policylogincreate accountwelcome back, logoutmanage your accounttropics and exoticscollectionlearn morerequest a freebrochurerequest brochurewelcome back, logoutmanage your accounttropics and exoticscollectionlearn morerequest a freebrochurerequest brochurefind a cruiserequest a quoterequest a brochuresign up for special offersplan your cruiseexplore ashoreonboard experiencesspecial offersultimate valuemy account / reservationfind a cruisefind a cruisespecial offersspecialty cruisescurated by condé nast travelerrequest a brochuresolo traveler experienceinclusive airrequest a quotetropics and exoticscollectionlearn morerequest a freebrochurerequest brochurecruise destinationsfind a shore excursionexplore land programstours, land and hotel programstropics & exotics collection2026 around the world2025 collection2025 around the world2024 collectiontropics and exoticscollectionlearn morerequest a freebrochurerequest brochureexplore our shipsintroducing allurawellness: mind, body and soulthe finest cuisine at sea®blog, videos and reviewslife on boardtropics and exoticscollectionlearn morerequest a freebrochurerequest brochurespecial offersamenities & onboard packagesoceania club benefits concierge level verandasuitestravel protectiontropics and exoticscollectionlearn morerequest a freebrochurerequest brochure
		
		
		
			//access to and use of brightedge link equity manager is governed by the
			//infrastructure product terms located at: www.brightedge.com/infrastructure-product-terms.
			//customer acknowledges and agrees it has read, understands and agrees to be bound by the
			//infrastructure product terms.
			var be_sdk_options = {'api.endpoint': 'https://ixf2-api.bc0a.com',
			'sdk.account': 'f00000000118018',
			'requestparameters.caseinsensitive': true,
			'whitelist.parameter.list': 'ixf'
			};
			bejssdk.construct(be_sdk_options);
		
		
	 2024 collection tropics & exotics  plus europe & north america  2 for 1 cruise fares, roundtrip airfare & transfers*& simply more™ amenities view offer & cruises2024 collection overvieweurope  cruisestropics & exotics cruisesnorth america cruisesnew boutique  portsovernight  stayssmall ship  luxury350+ cruises worldwide
our sweeping collection of 2024 cruises encompasses a full year of itineraries with more than 350 voyages worldwide. live on island time on sun-filled caribbean cruises and discover vibrant heritage on south america voyages. in africa and asia, uncover lands of intrigue and tradition, and across the south pacific, australia and new zealand, prepare for epic adventures. northern europe cruises and mediterranean voyages bring you endless opportunities to experience the treasured cultures and cuisines of these regions. more explorations await along the eastern seaboard and on alaska cruises. discover unique global cruises with our largest set of grand voyages to date – more than 130 – that feature exotic destinations and multiple distinct regions. follow your endless passion for discovery with oceania cruises’ 2024 collection.request free brochure2024 europe cruisesuncover more voyages than ever before in europe, ranging from enchanting french and italian riviera escapes, blissful greek island cruises and holy land discoveries to thrilling explorations of iceland and baltic and scandinavia cruises that reveal the best of the region. visit revered attractions such as istanbul’s majestic blue mosque, jerusalem’s gold-plated dome of the rock, the louvre in paris and so many more. 2024 europe cruisesconnect your way855-oceania (855-623-2642)or your travel advisorrequest booking assistancechat with usfrequently asked questionsrequest booking assistancehow many staterooms do you need?1titlemr.mrs.ms.missdoctoradmiralambassadorbaronbrigadierbaronesscadetcantorcaptainchefchevalierchiefchaplaincommandercolonelcommodorecongressmancountesscountcorporaldamedeacondeanduchessdukeearlfatherfraugeneralgovernorherrher serene highnesshis serene highnesshonorableinfantjudgeladylance corporallordlieutenantlt. commanderlt. colonellt. generalmadammayorministermajor generalmonsignorpresidentprinceprincesspfor. dr.professorprivaterabbirear admiralreverendright honorablesenatorsergeantsirsistersquadron leaderfirst namelast nameemail addresscountryunited statescanadaunited kingdomaustralianew zealandafghanistanalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantiguaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonairebosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybritish virgin islandsbruneibulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncape verde islandscayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos keeling islandcolombiacomoroscongocook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republiceast timorecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfiji islandsfinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern and antarctic landsgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadaloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandshondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacao sarmacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnetherlands antillesnew caledonianicaraguanigernigerianorfolk islandnorth koreanorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairn islandspolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussiarwandasamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth koreaspainsri lankast. bartsst. helenast. kittsst. luciast. maartenst. pierre and miquelonst. thomasst. vincentsudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvatican cityvenezuelavietnamwallis and futunayemenzambiazimbabwestateaustralian capital territorynew south walesnorthern territoryqueenslandsouth australiatasmaniavictoriawestern australiaalbertabritish columbiamanitobanew brunswicknew foundland and labradornorthwest territoriesnova scotianunavutontarioprince edward islandquebecsaskatchewanyukonaberdeenshirealderneyangleseyangusantrimargyllshirearmaghavonayrshirebanffshirebedfordshireberkshireberwickshirebordersbreconshirebuckinghamshirebutecaernarvonshirecambridgeshirecardiganshirecarlowcarmarthenshirecavancentralcheshireclackmannanshireclareclevelandclwydcorkcornwallcumberlandcumbriadenbigshirederbyshiredevondonegaldorsetdowndublindumfries and gallowaydumfries-shiredunbartonshiredurhamdyfedeast lothianeast riding of yorkshireeast sussexessexfermanaghfifeflintshiregalwayglamorgangloucestershiregrampiangreater londongreater manchesterguernseygwentgwyneddhampshireheftfordshirehereford and worcesterherefordshirehighlandhumbersidehuntingtonshireinverness-shireisle of wightjerseykentkerrykildarekilkennykincardineshirekinross-shirekirkcudbrightshirelanarkshirelancashirelaoisleicestershireleitrimlimericklincolnshirelondonderrylongfordlothianlouthmayomeathmerionethshiremerseysidemid glamorganmiddlesexmidlothianmonaghanmonmouthshiremontgomeryshiremorayshirenairnnorfolknorth riding of yorkshirenorth yorkshirenorthhamptonshirenorthumberlandnottinghamshireoffalyorkneyoxfordshirepeebles-shirepembrokeshireperthpowysradnorshirerenfrewshireroscommonross and cromartyroxburghshirerutlandsarkselkirkshireshetlandshropshiresligosomersetsouth glamorgansouth yorkshirestaffordshirestirlingshirestrathclydesuffolksurreysussexsutherlandtaysidetipperarytyne and weartyronewarwickshirewaterfordwest glamorganwest lothianwest midlandswest orkshirewest riding of yorkshirewest sussexwestern isleswestmeathwestmorlandwexfordwicklowwigtownshirewiltshireworcestershireyorkshireaucklandbay of plentycanterburygisbornehawkes baymanawatu wanganuimarlboroughnelsonnorthlandotagosouthlandtaranakitasmanwaikatowellingtonwest coastalabamaalaskaamerican samoaarizonaarkansasarmed forces americasarmed forces middle eastarmed forces pacificcaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiaguamhawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarshall islandsmarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniapuerto ricorhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirgin islandsvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingstatephone numberhow did you hear about us?direct mailreferraltravel agencysearchtravel/cruise websitetvradionewspaper/magazineotherdo you have an existing reservation?yesnoplease send me the latest special offers, company announcements, and cruise itinerary updates. submitby clicking "submit", i agree to the terms and conditionsby providing your telephone number, you consent to receive communications (calls and text messages) from oceania cruises and its affiliates about our products, services, and promotions. you consent that such (1) communications may be sent using automatic dialing equipment and/or include prerecorded messages and (2) communications from us are not “unsolicited” for purposes of applicable law. importantly, be aware that your service provider may charge you for these communications in accordance with your service plan between you and your current telephone provider. you also agree that any information you provide may be used by oceania cruises in accordance with its privacy policy.2023-2024 tropics & exotics cruisesour wide array of 2023-2024 caribbean voyages celebrates abundant sunshine, opens the door to colorful cultures and invites you to discover off-the-beaten-path islands and sought-after tropical destinations. 
mexico cruises will tempt you with sacred ruins, mouthwatering cuisine and endless thrills, while memorable panama canal cruises invite you to cruise the iconic locks and explore tropical destinations on both sides of the celebrated isthmus. set off on south america cruises and amazon voyages to explore the continent like never before with sweeping journeys up to 51 days long. choose from an intriguingly diverse spectrum of exotic voyages across asia, africa, the south pacific, australia and new zealand, including focused journeys that offer deeper explorations of japan, the arabian peninsula, new zealand or french polynesia.2023-2024 tropics & exotics cruises2024 north america cruisesenjoy expansive opportunities for adventure in north america with an array of canada and new england sailings as well as the perfect blend of off-the-beaten-path ports on our alaska cruises such as homer and kodiak and must-see destinations like icy strait point and ketchikan. easy bermuda getaways await too, the perfect rejuvenating cruise from new york or boston.2024 north america cruisesdream. plan. discover.the journey is my home.-muriel rukeyserboutique portsoceania cruises continually brings you to new and unique ports in the most sought-after regions of the world. explore the best of more than a dozen new boutique ports in our new season of voyages, ranging from the gorgeous island of coron in the philippines and pastoral castro on chile’s chiloé island to the historical treasure that is taranto, italy and picturesque, nature-laden seydisfjordur, iceland. our 2024 cruises showcase an exciting lineup of new boutique ports in europe, asia, south america and beyond that offer an enticing range of culture, cuisine, history and natural beauty.featured portsfeatured collection portsbeppu, japanbacked by steep hills and mountains on the eastern coast of kyushu island, beppu is known as japan’s top hot spring resort city. home to more than 2,000 hot springs, this picturesque city gives you a chance to experience its hot springs, mud baths, steam baths and even traditional japanese black sand baths. to top it off, eight unique hot springs, collectively named onsen hells, offer entertainingly distinctive attractions. on chilly days, visitors are treated to the otherworldly view of steam rising throughout the city. since beppu is famously popular within japan as a resort getaway, it’s an ideal place to rub elbows with japanese travelers.beppu cruisesbluff, new zealandlocated on the southern tip of new zealand’s south island, bluff is one of the oldest european settlements in new zealand and is a gateway to stewart island and invercargill, the capital of the southland region. bon vivants won’t want to miss the chance to sample deep-water bluff oysters, grown in the cold waters of foveaux strait and recognized as some of the best in the world. stewart island is a natural paradise with 85% of the island designated a national park, while invercargill charms visitors with victorian, edwardian and art deco architecture and several museums. farther north, the fiordland national park is awe-inspiring with glass-like alpine lakes and spectacular fjords. closer to port, bluff maritime museum features exhibits on oystering, bluff harbour and local history.bluff cruisescastro (chiloé island), chilediscover the pastoral beauty of chile’s chiloé archipelago and lose yourself in the charming villages on chiloé island, where the port of castro is the largest town and island capital. here you’ll find one of the 16 wooden churches built by jesuit and franciscan catholics from the 17th to 19th centuries that together compose a unesco world heritage site. castro is also fairly close to chiloé national park, where you can find hiking trails to suit all levels of fitness. if you want to load up on carbs before you go, be sure to have some potatoes – varieties grown on chiloé island are among the oldest cultivated tubers in the world.castro cruisescoron, philippinessituated in the northern region of the island province of palawan – often billed as one of the best island destinations in the world – coron is blessed with towering limestone karsts, gorgeous beaches and incredible coral reefs. you can explore old-growth rainforests, snorkel in picturesque lagoons and even dive world war ii wrecks. kayangan lake offers sweeping views of limestone towers draped in lush vegetation, and visitors are welcome to swim and snorkel in the crystal-clear waters. you’ll quickly understand why this mountain lake is among the most photographed places in the philippines. just a short drive from the port, the mangrove-shrouded maquinit hot springs is one of the few saltwater hot springs in the world and is the perfect location to take a restorative dip.coron cruisesdjupivogur, icelanda model town for slow living, djupivogur is big on serenity and scenery. it sits on a long fjord at the southern edge of east iceland and a pyramid-shaped basalt mountain rises up behind the town. some of iceland’s must-visit glacial wonders are within reach – jokulsarlon, a glacial lagoon, and the breathtaking hoffellsjokull glacier. closer to port, excellent hiking trails are in abundance and the bulandsnes bird reserve is a popular choice due to the peninsula’s rich birdlife. a nearby open-air artwork is also a claim to fame: named the eggs of merry bay, the installation of 34 large-scale granite eggs represents bird species that nest in the area. just a short boat ride away, the uninhabited, nature-rich island of papey is a popular destination known for puffins, guillemots and other seabirds. gatun lake, panamaroughly the size of the island of barbados, the expansive gatun lake was created during the construction of the panama canal. considered part of the panama canal system, gatun lake’s primary function is to hold sufficient water for canal passage and for use in the canal’s locks during dry spells, but it pulsates with biodiversity. wildlife such as sloths, capuchin and howler monkeys, iguanas, and toucans now thrive in lush pockets around the lake and manatee sightings are common. set off on a safari boating adventure, a canopy tour or even a kayaking adventure to take in the area’s lush flora and unique fauna. chagres national park is also within reach, home to an indigenous emberá tribe and their village. heimaey, icelandthe largest of the westman islands and the only one that is inhabited, heimaey sits just four miles off the southern coast of iceland but seems worlds away with its steep moss-covered cliffs, multihued volcanic rocks and abundant summer population of puffins. still considered one of iceland’s undiscovered gems, heimaey beguiles visitors with its dramatic scenery and otherworldly atmosphere. volcano and lava hikes abound, and cruising around the island reveals sea caves, lava formations, the famed elephant rock formation and prime whale watching. in the summer, you’re likely to spot puffins – the island is an important atlantic puffin nesting habitat, with the westman islands serving as home to the world’s largest atlantic puffin colony. stop by the eldheimar museum, built around one of the houses buried in the 1973 eruption, for a look at the island’s volcanic past.heimaey cruiseskingston (port royal), jamaicasteeped in pirate tales, port royal is one of the oldest and most historic regions of jamaica. the port city rose to prominence as one of the largest european cities in the new world in the 1600s and quickly became the infamous stomping ground of pirates such as sir henry morgan, calico jack and blackbeard. a visit to fort charles, built between 1650 and 1660, and its maritime museum offers a look at jamaica’s storied colonial past. and just a short drive away, jamaica’s cultural heart and capital city of kingston offers a plethora of museums, art galleries and street markets, plus deep-seated musical and culinary heritage. those looking for a sun-drenched playground will delight in lime cay, a white-sand islet just offshore port royal.kingston cruiseskumamoto (yatsushiro), japanlocated on the island of kyushu, kumamoto has long been one of the most influential cities in the region. the city is renowned for its castle, a beautiful samurai fortress that takes you on an intriguing 400-year historical journey. those in need of a refreshing escape should head to ueki hot springs, which has been inviting visitors to soak up the therapeutic benefits of its silky alkaline water since 1895. for a relaxing stroll, visit suizenji jojuen park, which dates to the 1600s and features traditional japanese gardens, shrines and a teahouse. kumamoto happens to be a bit of a foodie city too. try kumamoto ramen, a local spin on the dish that features a creamier pork broth and is topped with fried garlic chips.kumamoto cruiseslimerick (shannon), irelandon the banks of the shannon river, shannon is an ideal gateway to the medieval castles, verdant landscapes and cities of western ireland. nearby, the cultural heritage and history of limerick beckon. the 13th-century king john’s castle; the iconic milk market, one of the oldest markets in ireland; the 12th-century st. mary’s cathedral; and the picture-perfect village of adare with its thatched cottages are all top choices. walk the coastal pathways of the spectacular cliffs of moher, a unesco global geopark that also includes the fossil-rich limestone landscape of the burren. the 15th-century bunratty castle, which offers beautiful views of the surrounding countryside, provides a fascinating look at how the lords and ladies of the era lived. limerick cruisessão francisco do sul, brazilone of brazil’s oldest towns, são francisco do sul was founded in the early 16th century and shows off its history in its cobblestone streets and colonial buildings, many of which are listed on the national historic registry. as you sail toward the island, enjoy some of the best views of the town, which showcase pastel homes with arched windows and elegant balconies, while the twin towers of the old church hover above the historic city center. home to the only museum of boats in brazil, the old town reveals the country’s seafaring history. nearby are miles of beaches and coves where you can spend the day swimming and soaking in the sun.seydisfjordur, icelandsquarely in the middle of the eastfjords and literally located at the base of a long and narrow fjord, picturesque seydisfjordur quickly makes an impression on visitors upon arrival. it’s at the heart of some of iceland’s most unsung treasures. waterfalls, mountains, fjords and peaceful hiking trails stretch out all around. discover the local flora and fauna at skalanes nature reserve, which is home to diverse wildlife such as reindeer, arctic foxes and more than 40 different species of birds, or soak in soothing geothermal waters at vok nature baths. seydisfjordur features ornate wooden architecture with a scandinavian influence and boasts a flourishing arts scene too. you won’t want to miss two iconic photo opportunities – the quaint blue church and the rainbow road that leads there. seydisfjordur cruisesszczecin, polandlively szczecin, one of poland’s largest cities and the capital of the west pomerania region, has endured a colorful and multifaceted history that’s revealed in its architecture. art nouveau mansions, ornate gothic-style buildings and baroque-style gates and fountains coexist with new glass and steel structures being erected such as the award-winning szczecin philharmonic hall, which appears to glow with its innovatively lit glass façade. szczecin’s old town is an excellent starting point – it’s full of cafés, bustling restaurants, and top attractions such as the castle of the pomeranian dukes, the waly chrobrego elevated riverfront promenade and several museums. with parks aplenty, szczecin is also known for being green and lush. the jasne blonia square and neighboring kasprowicz park are the most popular, and the nearby szmaragdowe lake features an observation deck that offers lovely views of the lower oder river and szczecin.taranto, italya bit off the tourist circuit – delightfully so – the hidden treasure of taranto in the puglia region possesses renowned greek and roman history dating back to the spartans when they founded it in the 8th century bce. known as the city of two seas, it straddles the ionian sea and mare piccolo, the large lagoon behind its old town. the museo archeologico nazionale di taranto is a major draw, one of italy’s most important archaeological museums that houses one of the largest collections of artifacts from the magna graecia era. taranto’s 11th-century cathedral is the gem of the old town and among puglia’s oldest romanesque buildings. the city is more recently famous as the site of one of the most pivotal world war ii naval battles. don’t miss the chance to sample orecchiette, puglia’s signature pasta; freshly caught seafood; and the deliciously creamy mozzarella at one of the many fabulous restaurants.taranto cruises500+ overnight stays: more time to exploreovernight stays add an exciting dimension to your oceania cruises destination experience. with more than 500 overnights featured in the 2024 collection of voyages, you will have the luxury and leisure of more time in port in a wide array of iconic destinations. enjoy the opportunity to plan dinners ashore, relaxed excursions and in-depth explorations of some of the most sought-after destinations – consider the possibilities with more time in the wine capital of bordeaux, adventure-filled reykjavik, charismatic seville or sacred jerusalem. you can also take advantage of additional opportunities by booking one of our immersive multi-day land programs or a luxurious hotel stay before or after your cruise vacation.watch videosmall ship luxurywhen you step aboard one of our small and luxurious ships, you will discover an oceania cruises experience that is truly better than ever. reflecting the crisp sophistication of regatta, insignia, nautica and sirena, the sweeping re-inspiration of marina and riviera will reveal entirely new suites and staterooms with designer furnishings, custom lighting and fresh fabrics, and the light, airy ambiance of the public spaces will be as inviting as ever. our oceanianext enhancements will continue to elevate the guest experience too – showcasing new dining experiences, curated travel experiences and much more in the coming months. life on boardfrom the oceania cruises blogset sail beyond the ordinary: new 2025-2026 tropics & exotics cruise itinerariessee more of the best with us on a 3-week or more exotic cruise travel itinerary. read morefollow us & share your experiencesfacebooktwitteryoutubeinstagramthe finest cuisine at sea®. curated travel experiences. small ship luxury.
     
		.be-ix-link-block .be-related-link-container

		{display:flex;justify-content:center;padding-top:3rem}
		.be-ix-link-block .be-related-link-container .be-label

		color: color value is invalid
		.be-ix-link-block .be-related-link-container .be-list

		{display:flex;float:right;list-style:none;margin:0;padding:0}
		.be-ix-link-block .be-related-link-container .be-list .be-list-item

		{display:inline-block;margin-bottom:.375rem;margin-right:2rem}
		.be-ix-link-block .be-related-link-container .be-list .be-list-item .be-related-link

		{font-size:.75rem;line-height:1.2}
		@media (max-width:767px){.be-ix-link-block .be-related-link-container

		{display:block;padding-bottom:.5rem;padding-top:2rem;text-align:center}
		.be-ix-link-block .be-related-link-container .be-label

		{margin-bottom:.5rem;margin-right:0}
		.be-ix-link-block .be-related-link-container .be-list

		{display:block;float:none;width:100%}
		.be-ix-link-block .be-related-link-container .be-list .be-list-item{display:block;font-size:.75rem;line-height:1.2;margin-right:0}}
     
  plan a cruisefind a cruiserequest a brochurerequest a quoteoceania club benefits guest servicescontact usfrequently asked questionsair travel after hours hotlineupdate marketing preferencesbon voyage giftsshop oceania bed collection™enable accessibilitycompany infoabout uscareerslegalmediasail and sustaininvestorscharters & incentivesaccessibility statementtravel restrictionssitemaptravel advisor centerta center loginbecome an oceania insider*view promotion terms and conditionsprivacy policy© 2024 oceania cruises ltd.ships' registry: marshall islands. all rights reservedfollow the experiencefacebooktwitteryoutubeinstagramblogyour privacy choicescountry:united stateschangewe're logging you in...sign-up for special offersfirst namelast namecountryunited statescanadaunited kingdomaustralianew zealandafghanistanalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantiguaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonairebosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybritish virgin islandsbruneibulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncape verde islandscayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos keeling islandcolombiacomoroscongocook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republiceast timorecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfiji islandsfinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern and antarctic landsgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadaloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandshondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacao sarmacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnetherlands antillesnew caledonianicaraguanigernigerianorfolk islandnorth koreanorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairn islandspolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussiarwandasamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth koreaspainsri lankast. bartsst. helenast. kittsst. luciast. maartenst. pierre and miquelonst. thomasst. vincentsudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvatican cityvenezuelavietnamwallis and futunayemenzambiazimbabwestateaustralian capital territorynew south walesnorthern territoryqueenslandsouth australiatasmaniavictoriawestern australiaalbertabritish columbiamanitobanew brunswicknew foundland and labradornorthwest territoriesnova scotianunavutontarioprince edward islandquebecsaskatchewanyukonaberdeenshirealderneyangleseyangusantrimargyllshirearmaghavonayrshirebanffshirebedfordshireberkshireberwickshirebordersbreconshirebuckinghamshirebutecaernarvonshirecambridgeshirecardiganshirecarlowcarmarthenshirecavancentralcheshireclackmannanshireclareclevelandclwydcorkcornwallcumberlandcumbriadenbigshirederbyshiredevondonegaldorsetdowndublindumfries and gallowaydumfries-shiredunbartonshiredurhamdyfedeast lothianeast riding of yorkshireeast sussexessexfermanaghfifeflintshiregalwayglamorgangloucestershiregrampiangreater londongreater manchesterguernseygwentgwyneddhampshireheftfordshirehereford and worcesterherefordshirehighlandhumbersidehuntingtonshireinverness-shireisle of wightjerseykentkerrykildarekilkennykincardineshirekinross-shirekirkcudbrightshirelanarkshirelancashirelaoisleicestershireleitrimlimericklincolnshirelondonderrylongfordlothianlouthmayomeathmerionethshiremerseysidemid glamorganmiddlesexmidlothianmonaghanmonmouthshiremontgomeryshiremorayshirenairnnorfolknorth riding of yorkshirenorth yorkshirenorthhamptonshirenorthumberlandnottinghamshireoffalyorkneyoxfordshirepeebles-shirepembrokeshireperthpowysradnorshirerenfrewshireroscommonross and cromartyroxburghshirerutlandsarkselkirkshireshetlandshropshiresligosomersetsouth glamorgansouth yorkshirestaffordshirestirlingshirestrathclydesuffolksurreysussexsutherlandtaysidetipperarytyne and weartyronewarwickshirewaterfordwest glamorganwest lothianwest midlandswest orkshirewest riding of yorkshirewest sussexwestern isleswestmeathwestmorlandwexfordwicklowwigtownshirewiltshireworcestershireyorkshireaucklandbay of plentycanterburygisbornehawkes baymanawatu wanganuimarlboroughnelsonnorthlandotagosouthlandtaranakitasmanwaikatowellingtonwest coastalabamaalaskaamerican samoaarizonaarkansasarmed forces americasarmed forces middle eastarmed forces pacificcaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiaguamhawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarshall islandsmarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniapuerto ricorhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirgin islandsvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingstateemailphone numberdo you have an existing reservation?yesnoi would like to receive email marketing communications.submit requestby clicking "submit", i agree to the terms and conditionsby providing your telephone number, you consent to receive communications (calls and text messages) from oceania cruises and its affiliates about our products, services, and promotions. you consent that such (1) communications may be sent using automatic dialing equipment and/or include prerecorded messages and (2) communications from us are not “unsolicited” for purposes of applicable law. importantly, be aware that your service provider may charge you for these communications in accordance with your service plan between you and your current telephone provider. you also agree that any information you provide may be used by oceania cruises in accordance with its privacy policy.thank you for your interest in oceania cruises. we look forward to helping you plan your future cruise vacation and sharing the latest news and special offers with you. cruise vacation planning is an experience. please connect with us to customize the vacation of your dreams!contact a personal consultant at855-oceania (855-623-2642)closeprivacy policyupdated: june 23, 2023who we areat norwegian cruise line holdings ltd., our mission is to provide superior cruise vacations for our guests. this mission applies to all our activities including the products and experiences we offer on board our ships, at our destinations and ports of call, and online through websites and interactive features, including applications, widgets, blogs, social networks, social network "tabs," and other online or mobile offerings (which we collectively call the "services"). our services are owned and/or operated, either directly or through our service providers and business partners, by norwegian cruise line holdings ltd. (together with its subsidiaries and brands, norwegian cruise line, oceania cruises, and regent seven seas cruises, the "company," "we," "our," or "us").

this privacy policy describes what data we collect online and offline and how we use, share, and secure that data. it also describes your choices regarding use, access, correction, and deletion of your personal data. personal data is information, or a combination of different types of information, that could allow you to be identified.

we encourage you to review our privacy policy and click on the available links if you want additional information on a particular topic.

by providing us with your personal information or otherwise using our services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to the terms of this privacy policy and our terms of service.
data we collectwhen you cruise with us, register to cruise with us, set up an account through one of our websites, request information about our company, communicate with us, visit our websites, apply for employment with us, sign up for our promotions, contests, sweepstakes, or webinars or access our services through various other methods, we collect data about you and those interactions.
data we collect directly from you or other sourceswe may collect the following categories of data either directly from you or from our business partners or third parties and in accordance with applicable law:


	personal details (e.g., name, salutation, title, date of birth, place of birth, gender, photographs, images, and military service)
	contact details (e.g., email address, telephone number, mobile number, address, and emergency contact information)
	health details (e.g., past medical history, temperature readings, test results, and vaccination history)
	travel/vacation preference details (e.g., flight number, hotel booking, cabin number, special occasion dates, special accommodations, loyalty program information, dietary preferences, travel companions, and family members)
	your location and activities (e.g., cctv footage of public areas and records of your entries and exits from the ship)
	details regarding your previous travels, locations you have visited, and contacts
	government-issued documents (e.g., passports, alien resident cards, visas, residency permits, social security numbers, national and state identification numbers, driver’s licenses, and redress numbers)
	details regarding your use of websites and applications (e.g., usernames, passwords, security answers, geolocation information, details regarding your interaction with websites, applications, and emails, such as whether you opened an email, which may permit us to recognize you across multiple devices, or to know if you watched the health and safety video or viewed certain content on our websites and applications)
	financial details (e.g., credit card information, transactional history and purchases, amount paid for services, bank information, income, and business information)
	details of your play and spend at casinos, loyalty rewards, and, if you apply for credit for use at our onboard casinos, credit-related information
	information available via public records and publicly available content on social media platforms
	details regarding your interactions with our team members and call centers, including email communications and recordings of your calls
	employment application details (e.g., name, employment history, telephone number, address, email address, education history, reference details, military service, and immigration status)


data collected when you create an account with us, purchase our products, or use our services may include data about yourself, those traveling with you, and your emergency contacts. by providing us with the personal data of any third party, you confirm that you have the authority to do so on their behalf and have provided them with the information set forth in this privacy policy. we operate closed circuit television ("cctv") cameras on our ships, including at all access points and throughout public areas. these cctv cameras record continually and images of you may appear in these recordings.

please be aware that we have photographers on board taking photographs for guests to purchase. if you would not like to be photographed, please let our photographers know and they would be happy to take reasonable steps to comply with your request. please note that we are unable to guarantee that you will not be included in photographs on an incidental basis.
data we collect automaticallywhen you access websites or otherwise receive services, and to the extent permissible under applicable law, we automatically collect some categories of data from you, including data collected using cookies, embedded scripts, and other tracking technologies (“cookies and tracking technologies”), for website analytics to improve your online experience, analyze website usage, provide better security, and to personalize online and offline marketing. more information about our use of cookies and tracking technologies and your choices are available in our cookie policy. we respond to the global privacy control. for information about how to opt out of receiving targeted advertising, please visit our cookie policy.
special or sensitive categories of personal datasome of the categories of data that we collect in connection with the provision of our services or through the employment application process may constitute special categories of personal data (also known as sensitive personal data). in particular, we may collect personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious, philosophical, or political beliefs, sexual orientation, or data concerning health, such as medical history or dietary restrictions, if in connection with our provision of services or through the employment application process.

we collect this information when you choose to provide it to us or to a service provider or third party such as a travel agent or through the employment application process. we use this information to provide a service you request, such as medical care on board one of our cruises (whether in person or through our telehealth services), or special dietary accommodations, or in connection with your application for employment.

if, while traveling with us, you allege a personal injury or submit a claim after alleging a personal injury, we may collect personal data concerning the alleged incident, including healthcare information.
optional facial recognition technologywith your consent, we may use facial comparison technology to facilitate and expedite your embarkation and/or disembarkation by taking your photograph and matching it against the photograph we collected from you during check-in or embarkation. when there is a match, you will be able to board the ship or be checked out of your cruise.

separately, we may securely provide your disembarkation photograph to u.s. customs and border protection (“cbp”), who uses its own facial comparison technology to match the photograph against images of you that cbp already has on file from your passport, other travel documents or prior cbp border inspections. once we receive verification of your identity from cbp, we will delete your disembarkation photograph immediately. we do not retain your facial recognition data beyond the duration of your cruise or use it for any other purpose other than those described above. if you are a u.s. citizen, cbp will maintain your photograph for no more than 12 hours. for certain non-u.s. citizens, the u.s. department of homeland security (dhs) will store your photograph for a longer period. for more information on how cbp uses your biometric data, please visit www.cbp.gov/travel/biometrics.

global health data

for the health and safety of our guests and crew, we may process additional personal data during a pandemic or other global health crisis, including taking individuals’ temperatures through means such as thermal imaging cameras.

if we are made aware that an individual is exhibiting symptoms of an infectious disease, we may evaluate our transaction data and photographs taken during your cruise and may run facial recognition technology on our cctv footage to notify the persons who were in close proximity with the affected individual and take appropriate action to mitigate the spread of the disease. such steps may include medical examinations, testing, containment, and/or disembarkation of the affected persons.
how we use personal datawe may use your personal data for the following purposes:


	identify and authenticate you: we use your identification data to verify your identity when you access and use our services and to ensure the security of your personal data. we do this to comply with our contractual obligations to you.
	provide emergency and security services: we provide you with emergency and security services to protect your vital interests or based on our legitimate interest of providing the services needed in case of urgent emergency or security situations on board.
	provide you and your group with services: we process your personal data to provide the services you or your organization have requested. we do this to comply with our contractual obligations to you or your organization. for multi-guest bookings, we may allow all guests on the reservation to access and administer booking-related personal data of the guests on the same reservation in furtherance of our legitimate interest of allowing guests to conveniently administer their reservations.
	advertise and market our services: we may use your personal data, where permitted, to build a profile about you and place you into marketing segments to understand your preferences better and personalize the marketing messages we send to you. it is in our legitimate interest to provide more relevant and interesting advertising messages. we may contact you with marketing communications, and where necessary, we will obtain your consent before contacting you with such marketing communications.
	communicate with you: we may use your personal data when we communicate with you. for example, if we are providing information about changes to our terms and conditions, in response to a question you submitted, or to notify you of changes to your itinerary or important health and safety information. it is in our legitimate interest to provide you with appropriate responses, verify your contact information, provide you with medical testing results, and provide you with notices about our services.
	comply with our obligations under applicable laws:we may process your personal data to comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements. for example, we may provide certain information to governmental and recognized law enforcement agencies, such as the transportation security administration in connection with commercial air travel you book through us, public health authorities, or port agents in connection with local and country requirements.
	customize your experience and improve our services:when you use the services, we may use your personal data to improve your experience of the services, such as by providing interactive or personalized elements on the services and providing you with content, offerings, and experiences based on your interests, including shore excursions. where necessary, we will obtain your consent before using your personal data in this way. we frequently seek to improve our services to provide you with a better experience, and we may collect data about how you are using our services to do so. we use this data to understand what content on our services interests you, make the booking process more convenient, fix operational issues with our services, and maintain the safety and security of our services.
	exercise our rights:we may use your personal data to exercise our legal rights where it is necessary to do so, for example to detect, prevent, and respond to legal claims, intellectual property infringement claims, or violations of law or our terms and conditions.
	prevent fraud and comply with legal obligations: we may process your personal data to prevent fraud and comply with our legal obligations. for example, to carry out fraud prevention checks, which include building fraud-related profiles, making decisions on that basis by fraud prevention experts, and using cctv images to prevent and detect fraud in our casinos.
	protect the health, and safety of guests and crew: we may process your personal data to protect the health and safety of all individuals on board our ships. for example, we may check your information against a publicly available criminal record database and our internal records to protect the safety of our guests and crew or use your personal data, including your health data, to protect against the spread of communicable diseases.
	evaluate you for potential employment: :we may process your personal data if you apply for a position as a team member with us, including by verifying any entitlements, monitoring equal opportunity employment, performing medical screenings (in some cases), and by making inquiries into any criminal and/or credit history based on our legitimate interests, to the extent necessary, and where permitted under applicable laws and regulations.

customer testimonialswe may publish guest testimonials on our mailings, brochures, websites, and social media pages. prior to publishing the testimonial, we obtain guests’ consent to publish their names, usernames, cruise dates, photos, videos, and travel destinations along with their testimonial, as applicable. if you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us via the methods described under “how to contact us.”
how we share personal datawe may share any of the categories of personal data described above with third parties under the following circumstances, as permitted under applicable laws and regulations:


	service providers and business partners: we may share your personal data with our service providers and other businesses that perform marketing services and other business operations for us or with which we have joint or cooperative business arrangements. for example, we may work with service providers and other businesses like travel agents to organize and facilitate your cruise, hotel, flight, or transportation accommodations, process your payments, maintain guest records, analyze data, provide onboard services, provide port services and excursions, provide medical services, facilitate targeted marketing and other communications, and facilitate services related to casinos, such as background checks and credit checks when you apply for casino credit. where appropriate, we authorize our service providers to use personal data only as necessary to provide the requested services. certain brands may cooperate with financial institutions to offer co-branded products or services to you, such as norwegian cruise line’s co-branded credit card; however, we will do so only if permitted by applicable law. travel agents may or may not process your information on our behalf. to the extent you engage with a travel agent that is collecting information for their own use, please check your travel agent’s privacy policy for details as to how they may process your personal data. if you booked your cruise through a travel agent and purchase future cruise credits while onboard, we may inform your travel agent of the future cruise credits so that they may contact you with reminders to timely use the credits. some products, services, excursions, and activities are provided by third parties. we may share personal data about you with these other businesses, before, after, or during your cruise to improve services to you. these companies have their own privacy policies which you should refer to if you use their services.
	where required by law: we may provide certain personal data to governmental and recognized law enforcement agencies or other third parties where we believe necessary to comply with a legal obligation. we are required to cooperate with government and law enforcement agencies and public authorities of any country in your itinerary, including customs and immigration and public health and port authorities. personal data about you, which may include health data, may be shared with these agencies (such as customs and the u.s. department of homeland security and the centers for disease control and prevention) prior to boarding, during your cruise, or after disembarkation for security, immigration, or public health purposes.
	to protect our rights or the rights of a third party: we may share your personal data to identify, investigate, contact, or bring legal action against an individual who may be causing injury to or interference with our rights or property or the rights or property of a third person if we believe in good faith that disclosing this personal data is necessary or advisable. we may share your personal data with third parties to prevent or detect fraud with respect to our casinos and payment transactions. personal data about you may also be shared with governmental and recognized law enforcement agencies to prevent and detect crime as well as to safeguard children and vulnerable adults.
	in the context of a transaction: we may share your personal data with potential transaction partners, service providers, advisors, and other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell or transfer all or a portion of our assets or business, to the extent permitted by applicable law. should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to obligate the entity to which we transfer your personal data to use it in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy.
	with your family members, friends and groups: when you book with a group or charter, we may share booking-related personal data about you with your group leader, such as your contact information so that they may contact you with group activities. if you make a multi-guest reservation, guests may be able to access the booking-related personal data of the other guests on the same reservation. this means that a guest on your same reservation may be able to: (1) complete online check-in for you and others in your reservation; (2) view your boarding pass and the boarding pass of others in your reservation; (3) pay for a product or activity for you or others in your reservation; and (4) update your contact information. if you have any questions or concerns about the processing of data for multi-guest reservations, please contact us via the methods described under “how to contact us.”
	norwegian cruise line holdings ltd. family companies: ncl corporation ltd., ncl (bahamas) ltd., norwegian cruise line group uk limited, ncl us ip co 1, llc, ncl us ip co 2, llc, ncl uk ip co ltd., oceania cruises s. de r.l., seven seas cruises s. de r.l., sixthman ltd., and our brands, norwegian cruise line, oceania cruises, regent seven seas cruises, and sixthman, are owned by norwegian cruise line holdings ltd., and we work closely with other businesses and companies in the norwegian cruise line holdings ltd. family. we may share certain personal data about you with our family of norwegian cruise line holdings ltd. companies, including your buying and browsing history on the services, contact details, past cruising details, including your use of onboard products and services like casinos, and inquiries you have made about or products and services, for the purposes set forth above. we may also share your personal data to enable our family companies to market to you, where permitted by applicable law. where necessary, we will obtain your consent before doing so.

information securitywe implement physical, technical, and organizational security measures designed to safeguard the personal data we process. these measures are aimed at providing ongoing integrity and confidentiality of your personal data. we evaluate and update these measures on a regular basis.

the company takes reasonable precautions to attempt to ensure the safety and security of our customers’ online transactions. billing information is encrypted and transmitted through strong encryption technology.
data retentionwe retain your personal data for as long as we have a relationship with you or in accordance with applicable law, and such relationship includes any request to receive marketing or other promotional materials from us or membership in our loyalty programs. when deciding how long to keep your personal data after our relationship with you has ended, we take into account our legal obligations, including requirements of regulators and governmental agencies that have authority over us. we may also retain records to investigate or defend against potential legal claims.

we will delete or anonymize your personal data at the end of the retention period. if there is any information that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will put in place appropriate measures to prevent any further processing or use of the data.
managing your privacy settingsour marketing emails, text messages, and most other electronic messages you receive from us will include instructions on how to unsubscribe, and you may unsubscribe at any time from our marketing by taking one the following steps:

1. follow the instructions provided in the message

2. click here to update your marketing preferences

3. send your request by mail to the following address:

norwegian cruise line holdings ltd.

legal department: privacy team

7665 corporate center drive

miami, florida 33126
childrenour services may be used by, or collect personal data about, children under the age of 16 only with the involvement of and, as needed, consent from the child’s parent or guardian. to the extent we process personal data about children, we do so for the purposes described in the consent request and to provide the requested services.

if you have reason to believe that we have collected personal data from someone under 16 years of age in connection with our services without adequate involvement from the child’s parent or guardian, please let us know by contacting us via the methods described under “how to contact us.”
region-specific disclosures1 . california:

you can find more information about how we process the personal data of california residents by reviewing our california resident privacy notice here.

2. colorado and connecticut: 

if you are a resident of colorado or connecticut, you have certain rights regarding your personal data. these include the following rights:


	confirm that we process your personal data and access such personal data
	erase your personal data
	rectify the data we hold about you
	receive personal data that you provided to us in a portable and readily usable format that allows you to transmit it to a third party (right to data portability)
	opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising purposes
	opt out of sales of your personal data


we may process your personal data in ways that are defined as “sales” or “targeted advertising”, as defined by the colorado privacy act and the connecticut data privacy act. however, we do not profile you in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning consumers. to opt out of sales or targeted advertising, please click here. if you would like to exercise any of the other rights listed above, or appeal a decision relating to your rights request, please click here or email us at the email address listed in the “how to contact us” section.

3. virgina:

if you are a resident of virginia, you have certain rights regarding your personal data. these include the following rights:


	confirm that we process your personal data and access such personal data
	erase your personal data
	rectify the data we hold about you
	receive personal data that you provided to us in a portable and readily usable format that allows you to transmit it to a third party (right to data portability)
	opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising purposes


for purposes of the virginia consumer data protection act, while we may process your data for targeted advertising, we do not sell your data or profile you in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning consumers. if you would like to exercise these rights, or appeal a decision relating to your rights request, please click here.

4. european union, eea, uk and brazil:

if you are located in the european union, the eea, the united kingdom, or brazil, you have certain rights regarding your personal data, subject to local data protection laws. these include the following rights:


	access your personal data
	rectify the data we hold about you
	erase your personal data
	restrict our use of your personal data
	object to our use of your personal data
	receive your personal data in a usable electronic format and transmit it to a third party (right to data portability)
	lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.


if you would like to discuss or exercise these rights, please click here.

    $(function(){
        $('.o-privacy-choice-modal').on('click',function(){
            $('#ot-sdk-btn').click(function() {
                this.click();
            }).click();
        });
  });
third parties we don’t own or controlour websites, applications, and social media sites include links to other websites or applications whose privacy practices may differ from our practices. if you submit personal data to any of those other website or applications, your information is governed by their privacy policies. we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any websites or applications to which our websites, applications, and social media sites provide links. we encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website or application you visit.
social media featuresour websites include social media features, such as the facebook "like" button, and widgets, such as the "share" button, or interactive mini-programs (the "features"). features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites. your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. these features may collect your internet protocol address or which page you are visiting on our websites and may set cookies to enable the feature to function properly, as further described by those companies’ privacy policies.
international data transferswe are headquartered in the united states but have global operations and affiliates. accordingly, your personal data may be transferred to, stored, and processed in various countries, including those that are not regarded as ensuring an adequate level of protection for personal data under the laws in certain jurisdictions, such as the european union, uk, japan, and israel. we have put in place appropriate safeguards (such as contractual commitments) in accordance with applicable legal requirements to ensure that your data is adequately protected. for more information on the appropriate safeguards in place, please contact us at the details below.
how to contact usto exercise any privacy rights you have under applicable law, please click here. we will contact you if we need additional data from you to honor your requests. if you have any questions, comments, or concerns about how we handle your personal data, please contact us at privacyteam@nclcorp.com and we will try to resolve your concern.

we are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. if you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you can contact our data protection officer or our representative in germany by writing to privacyteam@nclcorp.com or clicking here. you may have the right to make a complaint to the data protection authority of your country of residence.
privacy policy updateswe may update this privacy policy from time to time without prior notice. you can determine when this privacy policy was last revised by checking the updated date. we encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to ensure you understand our privacy practices.

if we make any revisions that materially change the ways in which we process your personal data, we will notify you of these changes, for example by sending an email to the email address we have on file, before applying them to that personal data.
save your workplease login to your account to save your cruise and continue with your booking.sorry, we don’t recognize that email and password combination. please try again or recover your password.email addressplease enter a valid email address.passwordpassword is incorrect. please try again or click forgot password below.keep me signed inloginprivacy policyforgot passwordcreate accountpassword resetyour email address was not recognized. please try again.email addressplease enter a valid email address.you should receive an email to reset your password in a few minutes.submitprivacy policylogincreate accountsave your workplease create an account to save your cruise and continue with your booking.returnsorry, an error ocurred while processing the form. please try again.titlemr.mrs.ms.missdoctoradmiralambassadorbaronbrigadierbaronesscadetcantorcaptainchefchevalierchiefchaplaincommandercolonelcommodorecongressmancountesscountcorporaldamedeacondeanduchessdukeearlfatherfraugeneralgovernorherrher serene highnesshis serene highnesshonorableinfantjudgeladylance corporallordlieutenantlt. commanderlt. colonellt. generalmadammayorministermajor generalmonsignorpresidentprinceprincesspfor. dr.professorprivaterabbirear admiralreverendright honorablesenatorsergeantsirsistersquadron leaderfirst namelast namecountryunited statescanadaunited kingdomaustralianew zealandafghanistanalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantiguaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonairebosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybritish virgin islandsbruneibulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncape verde islandscayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos keeling islandcolombiacomoroscongocook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republiceast timorecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfiji islandsfinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern and antarctic landsgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadaloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandshondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacao sarmacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnetherlands antillesnew caledonianicaraguanigernigerianorfolk islandnorth koreanorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairn islandspolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussiarwandasamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth koreaspainsri lankast. bartsst. helenast. kittsst. luciast. maartenst. pierre and miquelonst. thomasst. vincentsudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvatican cityvenezuelavietnamwallis and futunayemenzambiazimbabwestateaustralian capital territorynew south walesnorthern territoryqueenslandsouth australiatasmaniavictoriawestern australiaalbertabritish columbiamanitobanew brunswicknew foundland and labradornorthwest territoriesnova scotianunavutontarioprince edward islandquebecsaskatchewanyukonaberdeenshirealderneyangleseyangusantrimargyllshirearmaghavonayrshirebanffshirebedfordshireberkshireberwickshirebordersbreconshirebuckinghamshirebutecaernarvonshirecambridgeshirecardiganshirecarlowcarmarthenshirecavancentralcheshireclackmannanshireclareclevelandclwydcorkcornwallcumberlandcumbriadenbigshirederbyshiredevondonegaldorsetdowndublindumfries and gallowaydumfries-shiredunbartonshiredurhamdyfedeast lothianeast riding of yorkshireeast sussexessexfermanaghfifeflintshiregalwayglamorgangloucestershiregrampiangreater londongreater manchesterguernseygwentgwyneddhampshireheftfordshirehereford and worcesterherefordshirehighlandhumbersidehuntingtonshireinverness-shireisle of wightjerseykentkerrykildarekilkennykincardineshirekinross-shirekirkcudbrightshirelanarkshirelancashirelaoisleicestershireleitrimlimericklincolnshirelondonderrylongfordlothianlouthmayomeathmerionethshiremerseysidemid glamorganmiddlesexmidlothianmonaghanmonmouthshiremontgomeryshiremorayshirenairnnorfolknorth riding of yorkshirenorth yorkshirenorthhamptonshirenorthumberlandnottinghamshireoffalyorkneyoxfordshirepeebles-shirepembrokeshireperthpowysradnorshirerenfrewshireroscommonross and cromartyroxburghshirerutlandsarkselkirkshireshetlandshropshiresligosomersetsouth glamorgansouth yorkshirestaffordshirestirlingshirestrathclydesuffolksurreysussexsutherlandtaysidetipperarytyne and weartyronewarwickshirewaterfordwest glamorganwest lothianwest midlandswest orkshirewest riding of yorkshirewest sussexwestern isleswestmeathwestmorlandwexfordwicklowwigtownshirewiltshireworcestershireyorkshireaucklandbay of plentycanterburygisbornehawkes baymanawatu wanganuimarlboroughnelsonnorthlandotagosouthlandtaranakitasmanwaikatowellingtonwest coastalabamaalaskaamerican samoaarizonaarkansasarmed forces americasarmed forces middle eastarmed forces pacificcaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiaguamhawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarshall islandsmarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniapuerto ricorhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirgin islandsvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingstatephone numberemail addressemail addressconfirm email addresspasswordconfirm passworddo you have an existing reservation?yesnoi would like to receive email marketing communications.already have an account?sign innextby clicking "register", i agree to the terms and conditionsby providing your telephone number, you consent to receive communications (calls and text messages) from oceania cruises and its affiliates about our products, services, and promotions. you consent that such (1) communications may be sent using automatic dialing equipment and/or include prerecorded messages and (2) communications from us are not “unsolicited” for purposes of applicable law. importantly, be aware that your service provider may charge you for these communications in accordance with your service plan between you and your current telephone provider. you also agree that any information you provide may be used by oceania cruises in accordance with its privacy policy.registerby clicking "register", i agree to the terms and conditionsby providing your telephone number, you consent to receive communications (calls and text messages) from oceania cruises and its affiliates about our products, services, and promotions. you consent that such (1) communications may be sent using automatic dialing equipment and/or include prerecorded messages and (2) communications from us are not “unsolicited” for purposes of applicable law. importantly, be aware that your service provider may charge you for these communications in accordance with your service plan between you and your current telephone provider. you also agree that any information you provide may be used by oceania cruises in accordance with its privacy policy.new to oceania cruises?create accountcontinue as guestmy credit detailsname of creditidbook by datesail by dateamountname of creditidbook by datesail by dateamount* please note n/a date is non-expiring.